.NET Guide - Web Essentials (#145)
JetBrains/jetbrains_guide: sites/dotnet-guide/contents/tutorials/web-fundamentals/testing/index.md

---
type: TutorialStep
date: 2020-12-01
title: Testing code
technologies: [asp.net, javascript]
topics: [web,testing]
products: [rider]
author: pwe
subtitle: Get started with testing. We will use Jest as an example.
thumbnail: ./thumbnail.png
longVideo:
    poster: ./poster.png
    url: https://youtu.be/todo
---

> Testing is an important part of development, and WebStorm makes this fun and productive by bringing test writing and running into the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing is an important part of web development, and the WebStorm features in Rider make this fun and productive by bringing test writing and running into the IDE.
```
